Welcome back engineers. Indie Dev Dan
here. Imagine starting your day. You of
course open up the terminal. You fire up
Claude Code. Then you kick off a single
prompt/cook
that does the work it used to take you
hours in minutes. You're able to
accomplish this with Claude Code sub
aents. You've created workflows of
specialized agents that do one thing and
do it extraordinarily well. You can see
I have this agent called meta agent. My
agents are building my agents. Code is a
commodity. Your fine-tuned prompts can
be valuable. And now your cloud code sub
aents can yield extreme value for your
engineering if you know how to avoid the
big two mistakes engineers are making
with sub aents. In this video, we're
going to break down how to build
effective cloud code sub aents. We'll of
course use this powerful meta agent to
build new agents. But before we get
there, sub agents have serious
trade-offs and pitfalls you should know
about so you don't waste your
engineering time and tokens. Let's
understand how to take our agentic
coding to the next level with clawed
code sub aents.
So, first things first, what are claw
code sub aents? I can almost guarantee
you sub agents don't work like you think
they work. Let me explain. Here's what
the flow of claw code agents look like
end to end. Starts out with your prompt.
Your primary agent then prompts your sub
agents. Your sub agents then do their
work autonomously and then this is
important. They report back to your
primary agent and your primary agent
reports back to you. The flow of
information here is absolutely critical.
You prompt your primary agent and then
your primary agent prompts individual
sub aents based on your original prompt.
Your sub agents respond not to you, they
respond to your primary agent. Okay?
Many engineers are going to miss this
fact and this changes the way you write
your sub agent prompts. Let's break down
exactly what claude code sub agents look
like. So inside this codebase, we have a
simple hello world agent prompt. You can
of course see this is operating inside
of the brand new agents directory. We
have a new agentic directory to focus
on. So, we'll get to the important meta
agent in a moment. Let's start simple
and understand what sub aent prompts
look like. We'll open up a new shell
here. Fire up claude in yellow mode. And
you'll notice here in the description,
if they say hi claude or high CC or high
claude code, use this agent. Hi CC. And
now cloud code immediately finds this
agent, right? It finds the description
for this agent and kicks it off. You
have your agent name. This is its unique
ID. The description, which is very
important. This communicates to your
primary agent when it should call this
agent tools. So, you can specify
specific tools available.
>> Sub agent complete
>> and the color which you can see right
here. You can see we have a nice
formatted response there. That natural
language text to speech by the way
that's set up with cloud code hooks on
the stop event. But if we look at this
format, there's something really
important here. And we're coming up on
the first big mistake engineers are
making when using clutter code sub
aents. If we open up this prompt here,
you can see we have a classic markdown
format, purpose and report. The first
mistake engineers make is not
understanding that what you're writing
here is the system prompt of your sub
agent. Okay? This is not the prompt for
your agent. Okay? It's the system
prompt. This is important. It might not
seem like an important detail, but it
changes the way you write the prompt and
it changes what information is
available. That's a big mistake. But
even bigger is this. Notice how I have
this section here. And remember in our
diagram here, remember who your sub
agents are responding to. It's not you.
It's your primary agent. Okay? This
report, this response format is going to
be really important. You can see here
I'm explicitly having the sub agent
communicate to the primary agent. I'm
saying Claude, respond to the user with
this message. And guess what happened?
Look at the response. Hi there. How can
I help you? Did you know Nvidia blah
blah blah blah blah. Right? We had it
research some random uh tech news.
Right? This is the sub agent prompt
format. We have variable declaration at
the top. The cracked cloud code team is
going to tweak, improve, add to these as
time goes on. They're probably going to
add the model here at some point. We
have our system prompt, right? And you
can see this right in the docs. If you
don't believe me, you can always just
open up the docs, search system, and you
can see what we're actually writing here
is the system prompt. To be super clear,
this is not the user prompt. Okay, when
you're writing uh let's open up the
prime command. When we have something
like this slashp prime, this runs right
into our primary agent. This is a
prompt, right? A user prompt that goes
right into the context window of our
primary agent. Okay, our agents
directory is very different. This is a
system prompt. We're defining the top
level functionality. These prompts are
going to look similar, but it's
important to delineate, right? You can
pass variables into this. This is a
system prompt. This is not what triggers
what's actually done. And so, you know,
again, just to bring this up, if you
understand this, you're going to perform
very well with your sub agents, and
you're going to be avoiding the top two
mistakes engineers make with cloud code
sub agents. You don't prompt your sub
agents. You can write a prompt for your
primary agent to prompt your sub agents,
but you're communicating with your
primary cloud code agent, right? The top
level agent. We'll call this the primary
agent. It's cloud code that prompts your
sub agents, right? It is delegating. You
really want to be thinking about your
cloud code sub aents as tools of
delegation for your primary agent. And
this is why the big three is so
important. Okay, we we cover this all
the time on the channel. This isn't
going away anytime soon. In fact, it's
only going to become more important as
we scale up our agent coding to multi-
aent systems, right? Context, model,
prompt, and specifically the flow of the
context, model, and prompt between
different agents. Okay, this is super
important. Okay, so I think you get the
point. I don't need to keep harping on
this. This is just really important. If
you make these mistakes, this will
eventually go ary, right? especially as
you start scaling up what you can do
with chains of sub agents,
right? So, we're just getting started
here. You can chain the call and
responses and call and responses, right?
It's funny that we started out prompt
chaining years ago and now we're still
prompt chaining. We're just prompt
chaining with bigger compositional
units. You and I, the user, prompt the
primary agent. They can then run tasks
and then based on the prompt they come
back into the primary agent and you can
have your agent keep cooking, right? It
can keep doing important work for you.
So you can fire off another set of sub
aents. And so this is the true flow.
Your sub aents are responding to your
primary agent. And if you're doing
powerful multi- aent orchestration,
which you will be pretty soon here, if
you're watching the Dev Dan channel,
make sure you're subscribed and you
comment to stay plugged in to key
engineering information like this. You
can tell um I don't just copy and paste
the documentation. Um you know,
everyone's using this. I think cool,
that's good. Use this. But um read the
documentation, guys. Like really read
through this stuff. It's important.
Okay? This is the most important
technology of the year, probably over
the next few years, right? Agents are
how you win as an engineer. Understand
what they really do, right? Don't
offload all the cognitive work to your
agents, right? understand the most
important technology. Okay? And to be
super clear, there's nothing more
important right now than agents. And the
leading agent is Claude Code. If you've
been following the channel, you already
know this. You've been listening to me
glaze the team and glaze the the
product. You know, really communicate
the value of this, right? But it but
it's all for a reason. I focus on the
signal that every engineer has a
superpower. Every engineer is super
super good. They're cracked at
something. One of my key abilities is to
focus on the signal and cancel out the
noise. Okay? I can focus I can focus
directly on the signal of where the
valuable information is. Truly, there's
no other way I could show up here for
you every week with something valuable
if I wasn't constantly just obsessed and
passionate about finding the signal.
Okay, this, you know, again, this is
super powerful. Copy it, throw it into
an LLM, but don't offload deep
understanding, right? You're basically
just vibe coding then. Okay. Deeply
understand your tools so that you can do
more, better, faster, cheaper, so on and
so forth. Okay. Anyway, where were we?
Um, we were talking about chaining. Yes.
So, this is super important, right? If
you want to scale up, you need to
understand the information flow. Okay.
We're not just prompting a chat
interface anymore. We're not just
dealing with one context model prompt
agent system. We're dealing with multi-
aent systems. Okay? And there's a reason
I put out that multi- aent observability
video. I knew this was coming. It's
here. Okay, multi- aent systems are
here. The best engineers, the most
cracked seniors. We're scaling up hard.
Okay, compute, compute, compute,
compute. And you can see it here. This
is just a simple flow, right? You prompt
your agent, hit fire sub aents, collect
results. Okay, then the next step in
that custom/comand is going to be great,
collect the results, fire off more sub
aents that, you know, create a concrete
solution. This is all fantastic. Let's
actually use this. I did mention I'm
going to share my meta agent with you.
I've built uh 50 probably 100 plus
agents already, which is kind of crazy
to say, but it's all thanks to this meta
agent, right? As soon as you get access
to a new feature, figure out how you can
scale it up. Oftent times, you know,
with Genai, you build a meta version of
that, right? The thing that builds the
thing.
What are we going to do here? Let's just
delete a bunch of stuff. Okay. If this
causes you pain, you know, if deleting
causes you pain, you probably aren't
deleting enough. Uh, so let's get rid of
this. Let's get rid of this. And, uh,
let's get rid of this as well. Let's
create new agents with our meta agent.
And so, to cue this up, you know, a big
issue I see in the engineering space, in
the Gen AI ecosystem, is that I'm seeing
a lot of engineers uh, using technology
to create solutions for problems that
don't exist. Noobs and beginners, they
start with the technology and work
backward. If you want to become a real
engineer, if you want to continue being
a valuable engineer in the generative AI
age, work the other way. Work the right
way. Work the way that product builders
think. You have a problem first. Next
comes a solution and then the tech comes
third. Okay? Problem, solution, tech.
Okay? So, what do I mean by that? Let me
show you a concrete example. Let's use
our meta agent to solve a real problem.
Let's start at the top, right? What's
the problem? When I'm a magenta coding
at scale, I lose track of what some
agents have done. Okay. Problem
statement. Solution. Add text to speech
to my agents so they notify me when
they're done and more importantly what
they've done. Okay. So now we have a
problem and a solution. Now let's use
the technology. Okay. Only after you
have a problem and solution should you
move the technology. So technology we
can use cloud code sub aents. I have a
meta agent here that I can use to build
up a new textto-spech agent that
communicates what was done. Okay,
fantastic. Order matters problem
solution technology. So inside of
MCP.json.sample,
we have a setup for the 11 labs MCP
server. I have this configured in
my.json here. This is get ignored
because of course we have environment
variable information here. First I want
to understand what my agent can do. So
I'm going to run all tools. All tools
looks like this. It's a simple reusable
prompt. List all available tools in your
system prompt. I want bullet points. I
want TypeScript function signature
format. This is going to allow us to
understand the tools available to us.
And specifically, I want to see the 11
Labs tools. Great. So, here are all the
available tools. I'm just going to copy
these out so I can quickly search. I
need two things. Text speech and we
probably need some way to play, right?
So, I'm going to search text
forwardlooking
speech. There it is. Text to speech. So,
I'm just going to paste that here. And
we also want to find a play. There it
is. Play audio. Great. Okay. So, we have
these two methods that we can use. And
we actually want the entire definition
so we can know the exact parameters that
we're playing with. Right. Let's paste
this all in mode back to text format
real quick. Great. Now, let's go ahead
and just run these. Right. So, this is
in our primary agents context window.
I'm just going to say 11 labs. I've
completed. Next, we can and I think we
have voice ID here. Let me quickly copy
one of my favorite 11 labs voice IDs.
Voice ID. Just going to be super clear
in the prompt. Output directory. Right.
Output. Great. Output directory. Output
to pwd, which is current working
directory/output.
I'm going to have cloud code opus fire
off this tool here. And all I'm doing
here is validating the workflow. I'm
going to encode into an agent. So, text
to speech. Great. Save the file. And now
we want to run.
>> All set and ready for your next step.
>> Great. Now we're going to run play
audio. And I should just be able to say
play audio
because all the context is loaded. Um,
our agent is prime. Okay, that was good.
I was talking over it. So I'm going to
run it again. Run again.
>> I've completed XYZ. Next weekend ABC.
>> Great. So we can see that we have text
to speech working. We now have full
capability to have our agents
communicate with us via a sub agent.
Okay. So fantastic. So now we can crank
open our powerful metaprompt. Okay. So
now that we know the workflow and the
work that we want done, we can build a
new agent that encapsulates this work.
So we can open this up and we can see
exactly what our meta agent is doing. It
has a system prompt that details how to
create a new agent, right? It's doing
all this work in the isolated context
window. And so I'll fast forward through
this. I'm going to type up the prompt
right here. So this is what it's going
to look like, right? Build a new sub
agent. So I'm asking cloud code to build
the agent. And you can see here uh
generate a new complete cloud drive sub
aent configuration file you from a
user's description. Okay. So use this to
create new agents proactively. So we're
using the information dense keyword
encoded by anthropic and that we should
probably make this uppercase just to
make it more dramatic. When a user asks
you to create a new sub aent. Okay. So
we want to make sure that we have that
language inside of our prompt. Build a
new sub aent. Great. We're defining when
it's proactively triggered based on our
conversation so far. Our agents will
have blah blah blah blah blah. I'm just
detailing exactly the flow that we went
through. Okay. Get the current working
directory. Text to speech. Play. Great.
So again, copy this. Let's fire this
off. And now you're going to see the
description of our meta agent here. Get
activated. This is very important. You
need your description to properly set up
when your agent should call a specific
sub aent. So you can see cloud code is
thinking about this. it knows and now
it's going to use the sub agent. So,
couple key pieces inside of this prompt.
I'm not just having this build on zero
information. I'm repooling the cloud
code documentation live. Okay, I want
the most recent updated AI
documentation. viewers of the channel,
you know that I like to place this in AI
docs, but there's a more powerful way to
do this where inside of AI docs, you
just place a readme and then on the fly
you have, you know, a prompt or now a
sub agent pull in live documentation
with some type of refresh command. And
so you can see we have a brand new agent
generated there. Let's go ahead and
understand what's happened. Great. So
through tool uses, our meta agent
successfully created now wants to read
and verify. So this is great. So, our
reasoning model is double-checking the
work. It's read the file and now it
exists.
>> All set and ready for the next step.
>> Let's go ahead and check it out. This is
a great summary. Voice proactive output
autoplay. Looks good. Let's go ahead and
look at our new agent. You can see it's
in the exact format as we asked.
Fantastic. So, we can see here, you
know, always review. Every word must add
value. That's great. I like that line.
No pleasant trees. Yep. Exactly. I'm
going to add a couple of things, right?
So, variables, username, and what else
we're going to do here? I want just one
sentence. Uh, these can be quite long. A
concise one sentence looks great. I'm
going to make a couple tweaks here
specifically to the description. This
determines when your primary agent is
going to call your sub agent. Cloud code
has this IDK, this information keyword
that they mention um proactively, right?
They even have a little section for it.
Use proactively or must be used. What we
can do here is something a little bit
extra, right? You noticed in my hello
agent, hello world agent, I like to have
these concrete tags or these concrete
triggers for my sub agents. So if they
say X, Y, or Z, use this agent. So I'm
basically just going to reuse this
pattern. Frankly, I should encode this
into my meta agent. I'm just going to
add this here, right? If they say TTS,
TTS summary, use this agent. um review
user prompt given to you a concise
summary of what it does. By the way, um
one of the big reasons I'm using cursor
still is for writing prompts. It's great
for that tab completion. I also want to
add one thing here. So, coming full
circle here, remember that if we go back
to our basic flow here, it's your
primary agent that prompts your sub
agent. What your primary agent can see
and has access to is this description,
right? This is how it knows when to call
any given sub agent you have. So you
really want to leverage the description
and tell your topable agent how to
prompt this agent. When you prompt this
agent, describe exactly what you want
them to communicate to the user. And I'm
going to add even more detail here. I'm
going to say, remember, and again, this
is something that I really just need to
encode in my meta agent. Um remember
this agent has no context any questions
conversations
between you and the user and something I
like to do to increase prompt adherence
um anthropic has another information
dense keyword that you can use it is
this so important colon I want to be
absolutely clear with this agent do
these following things right we want a
concise summary of what was done and
also I want to add one more here best
practices important run only bash pwd
and the 11 labs mcbp tools. Don't use
any other tools. Base your response.
Exactly. Okay, let's fire up another
claw instance. We'll go ahead and just
use sonic for this one. What does this
codebase do? Use tts summary. After we
add details to when this should be
called, after we add instructions to the
system prompt for our work completion
summary sub agent, we now have an
operational agent that can quickly
summarize in natural language for us
anywhere, anytime on any piece of work.
Right? This is the beauty of agents and
reusable prompts. Now we have this
problem solved for good and we can reuse
it and improve it when we need to.
codebase has been analyzed and now we're
getting text to speech structure, text
to speech response. There it is. There's
an input prompt.
>> This codebase demonstrates Claude code
hooks mastery with all six life cycle
events implemented for deterministic
control featuring security filtering,
intelligent TTS feedback, automatic JSON
logging, and UV single file
architecture. Next step, explore
specific hook implementations or test
the security filtering functionality.
>> Nice. Okay, so that looked good or that
sounded good rather. You can see here
there is work to be done here. That was
still longer than I wanted it to be. If
we open up logs, thanks to cloud code
hooks, we are recording all the
conversation that just happened. So, we
can do something really cool. If we want
to, we can dive in and actually see our
top level agent prompting our sub agent
and our sub agent prompting the response
back to our top level agent. I'll leave
that up to you after you finish watching
this video. Run this. fire off the hello
world agent and the meta agent so you
can really understand what the flow of
information is between multi- aent
systems inside of cloud code.
So the benefits are pretty
straightforward, right? Cloud code
engineers said it themselves. Context
preservation. This is both a benefit and
an issue. We'll talk about how this is
an issue in a moment, but each sub agent
operates in its own context, preventing
pollution of the main conversation. So
this is powerful. We are booting up
fresh agent instances for every one of
these tasks that we have for our natural
language text to speech for our meta
agent. They all have their own isolated
context window. This is very powerful.
On the channel, we're going to talk more
about how you can use this to scale
agents across your large complex code
bases. You could already do this with
sub aents, but now you can do it even
better with specialized sub aents. All
right, so you get to save your context
window. This is a big idea that's going
to come back up over and over again
until we get those two 5 million plus
context windows. You know, I can tell
you those aren't coming uh anytime soon
as far as I can see. I would love to be
wrong about that. Specialized agent
expertise. We can of course fine-tune
the instructions and the tools. So, you
know, you can see this here for our text
to speech agent. You can see we wrote a
nice rich description on not only when
to trigger this, but um we're giving our
top level agent instructions on how to
prompt this. Okay, a lot of engineers
are going to miss this. Don't be one of
them. You can instruct how exactly you
want the prompt to flow in here in the
description. Reusability. This is a
classic one. By storing this inside your
repository, you can build agents for
your codebase. There's a powerful way
we're going to discuss on the channel to
use a meta agent to build specialized
localized agents that excel at operating
specific parts of your large codebase.
Again, subscribe, comment, all that good
stuff so you don't miss out on future
valuable information like this. Flexible
permissions. You can lock down the tools
your agent can call. That's fantastic.
Obviously, if you're in YOLO mode, you
have to be more explicit about what
tools can run, which is why I have this
I added this important best practice
here. But that's that. So, these are the
kind of four key benefits that Enthropic
lists directly here. I think these are
all true. There are a couple hidden
benefits as well. You get focused
agents. All right? And you know, the
cloud code team does mention this, but
you can really take this far, right?
Just like booting up a fresh agent with
a single prompt, when you use cloud code
sub agents, the agent is fresh. It only
knows what your primary agent tells it.
That means it's less likely to make
mistakes given that you design a good
system prompt. Why is that? It's because
your agent is focused on one thing. Just
like a focus engineer, when you're
focused on one thing, you perform
better. Full stop. Another hidden
benefit of cloud code sub aents is
simple multi- aent orchestration. And
this is something that I'm most excited
for with custom slashcomands combined
with cloud code hooks combined with sub
aents
right just kind of stacking up these
powerful features you can build powerful
yet simple multi- aent systems. So you
know as a concrete example we have this
in our commands we have this classic
prime command and we can easily improve
this right. So now we can have prime
tts. So say I want to kick off prime. I
can say when you finish run the TTS
summary agent the user know you're ready
to build. I already have uh cloud code
hooks with text to speech. We did this
in a previous video. I'll link that in
the description if you're interested.
But we can of course you know run this
now in a fresh instance. We can run
prime tts. And now when this finishes
we're going to run right we're going to
chain text to speech summary agent at
the end. There it is. And so here's a
summary. It wrote the text to speech. So
we have the audio file
>> code hooks mastery project with complete
coverage of all six hook life cycle
events.
>> There you go. So it's ready to go. So if
you open up that that summary there,
control E. You can see cloud code
analyze hooks mastery blah blah blah
blah blah. So it's letting us know that
it is complete. You know, we were able
to guide our primary agents prompt to
our sub agent right here. Right? When
you finish, run the TTS summary agent
and let the user know you're ready to
build. So this is another hidden
benefit. Right? we improve our multi-
aent orchestration. Okay. And so another
pro and con is prompt delegation. So
again, this is kind of on the line.
You're delegating your prompts to the
primary agent oftent times just like you
saw here and just like you saw in the
work completion summary agent right in
the description. This means you have to
do a little bit more work guiding your
primary agent to call your sub agent
properly. This is powerful though. It's
still good. We are offloading work,
right? We're encoding powerful
engineering practices into our prompts
and now into our sub agents. So all in
all, it's good. So what are the issues
of this? Right? The opposite of context
preservation is that and and you know
this was a great example because you
kind of saw that you need to be super
clear to your sub agents and to your
primary agent what you're passing in to
the sub agent because it doesn't have
any previous context. By definition,
every sub aent having its own context
means that there is no context history.
It doesn't have the rich context that
your primary agent has. It has only what
your primary agent prompts it with. This
is the equivalent just to make it ultra
clear. This is like firing up claude in
print mode, you know, whatever. You can
run yolo or dangerous blah blah blah.
And don't run this by the way if you
don't know what you're doing. Uh this
will run any command. We're starting to
see in the industry uh yolo mode coders
are getting cooked by this command. So
be really careful. Um, but this runs the
following, right? So, it's basically
saying call work completion summary
agent and then you're passing in one
prompt. Okay, this is what your primary
agent is doing when it's calling the sub
agents. It's it's literally like it's
you calling a oneshot prompt to the sub
agent. Okay, there's no context. This is
a problem, right? It's a problem and
it's a benefit, right? It's the it's the
opposite side of the coin of context
preservation. Another big issue, these
sub aents are hard to debug. You can see
every time we've run one of these,
right? If we run high CC, even with this
simple prompt, we have no idea what's
going on here. We'll get the tool calls,
which is super super nice. But the
actual workflows, the prompts, the full
parameters for every tool call, we don't
get these. And this is by design, but it
also makes these harder to debug and
understand what's going on. Right? So,
another big issue here is decision
overload. As you start scaling up the
number of agents you have, it's going to
be harder and harder for your agent to
know which one to call.
>> Sub agent complete.
>> Okay, commands are a bit different.
Although, you know, you the engineer
might forget all the commands that you
have, right? You just might start
forgetting all these commands, right?
All the powerful commands you've built.
Agents are a little different because
based on the description and based on
the number of agents you have, your
primary agent might get confused here.
Okay, so this is important. You really
want to be keeping track of your agents.
Otherwise, it'll come back to bite you
and you're going to kick off these
agents when you don't want to. As a
solution, you really want to be clear
about when to call your sub agents with
the description variable. This is the
most important variable right next to
the name. Two remaining issues here.
Dependency coupling is going to be a
problem here. So, once you start setting
up prompts, primary agent, reusable
prompts or custom slash commands, and
once these are calling out your sub
agents, which this is how you, you know,
start scaling up into multi- aent
systems. Once you get that going, it's
going to be hard. Again, back to
debugging. It's going to be hard to
understand what's going on. You're going
to have dependency coupling. Inevitably,
you're going to have an agent depend on
output from another agent, depend on the
format of the specific response from
another agent, on and on and on. And
then one day, you're going to need to
change something to improve it or to
ship something new, whatever. You're
going to change the planner agent right
here, and it's going to ruin everything
else because one thing changed. We're
already operating in nondeterministic
systems. When that one thing changes, it
could blow up everything else. Okay, so
this is another problem with sub aents.
As you start scaling them up, keep your
eye on this. Try to keep them separate.
Try to keep them in isolated workflows.
Don't overload your sub aent chain.
Okay. And then last thing, and this is
just kind of a request on my side, even
though it is literally counterintuitive
to what I was just saying, you cannot
call sub aents in your sub agents. Okay?
Probably for all the reasons that I just
mentioned. You know, it would be cool if
we had, you know, kind of like dangerous
um sub agent true, right? So that inside
of this agent or, you know, it's
probably like sub sub aent true. So that
inside of this agent, we enable this
dangerous powerful setting of calling
sub aents inside of sub aents. So this
is me just being picky. That's not
actually a real issue, but it's
important to note that, you know, you
can't call sub aents in your sub aents,
at least not yet. That's me being
hopeful. So this is a very powerful
feature. We have quite a few more ideas
to explore here with the combination of
agents and custom slash commands aka
reusable prompts. Remember that
perspective matters as you start scaling
up your multi- aent system. Right? The
flow of the big three context, model,
and prompt matter more than ever and
more and more as you scale up the number
of agents who have shipping work on your
behalf. There's a reason why it's a
principle of AI coding. As usual, link
in the description if you want to learn
the other principles of a coding that
will help you differentiate what you can
do with agent coding. And I'll go ahead
and bring back the other uh prompts that
I had here just for fun. But the meta
agent is going to be here available to
you. Link in the description. I'm going
to add these to the cloud code hooks
mastery codebase. If you made it to the
end, be sure to like, subscribe, and
comment your thoughts. No matter what,
stay focused and keep building.